Weifan's User Stories:
1. As an admin I want to be able to add different games so that users can be attracted to play.
2. As an admin I want to be able to delete unpopular games so that users wouldn't choose to play.
3. As an admin I want to be able to give a permission to a game review/feedback from a user so that it can appear on the site and other users can read it.
4. As an admin I want to be able to reward parents and their children after they played their game together so they would want to play.
5. As an user I want to be able to suggest a game so that I want to play with my child and others can play with their child too.
6. As an user I want to be able to have discussions on the website so that I can ask questions regarding to how to play a game.
7. As an user I want to be able to rate a game after I played so other users can see people's feedback of a game.
8. As an user I want to be able to link my account with my Facebook so that I can share what my family is playing with my friend and invite them too.
9. As an user I want my child to get a reward after we played a game so she/he can be attracted to play more.
10. As an user I want to be able to get notifications when a new game is added so I can plan my next play with my child.

Dong Liang's User Stories:
1. As a child, I want be able to leave a message to my parent when my parent is not available so that we can still communicate each other when we can’t play at the same time.
2. As a parent, I want to have all missions’ solutions so that I am able to help my child.
3. As a parent, I want to see my child’s progress so that I can help him/here more easily
4. As a user, I want to have my progress saved so that I can continue next time I play.
5. As a user, I want to be able to review my history of the game so that I can know which one I’ve played.
6. As a new user, I want to be able to know the way games run so that I can understand the game really quick.
7. As a returned user, I want to be able to know what new games has been rolled out so that I can play new games.
8. As a new user, I want to be able to know which game is most popular and easy so that I can pick my game easily.
9. As an admin, I want to be able to leave message for both kids and parents so that I can give them help when they need.
10. As a user, I want to get hint when I stuck in the mission so that I can continue my game.

Emma’s Users stories

1. As a admin I want to  be able to invented other user to compete
so the games can be more exciting.

2.As a admin I want to  be able to remove other user so that
so that I can avoid some other user.

3.As a admin I want to  be able to block and unblock other user 
so that I can block unblock depend on my mood.

4.As a admin I want to  be able to create a group 
so that I can communicate with a certain group of user at same time.

5.As a user I want to be able have an account
so that I can secure my information.

6.As a user I want to be able to suggest games      
so that I can share my ideas.

7.As a user I want to be able to find solution       
so that when I'm stuck I can continue.

8.As a user I want to able to join a game       
so that I can participate.

9.As a user I want to be able share my points or awards      
so that I can show them off.

10.As a user I want to be able to take pictures      
so that I share the place I have been.

11.As a user I want to be learn through the games      
so that I can gain more knowledge while having fun.

12.As a user I want to be able enter a password       
so that not anybody can access it.

13.As a user I want to be able able play games without internet      
so that I can play anywhere I want.

14.As a user I want to be able to have access to the games information      
so that I can understand how to play them.

15.As a user I want to able to see when other user are playing       
so that I can join them.
